---
title: GPG keys management
description: Learn how to manage GPG keys to encrypt and decrypt data within Campaign Classic.
---

# GPG keys management {#gpg-keys-management}

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>This feature is available for Campaign Classic instances only.

## About GPG keys {about-gpg-keys}

GPG encryption encryption system allows you to protect your data using a system of public-private keys pairs. Once implemented, you can decrypt incoming data and encrypt your data before transfer occurs, to ensure that they will not be accessed by anyone without a valid matching key pair.

why are GPG keys used overall
What do they do

How are they installed (installed on Marketing instance) 
Explain Encryption and Decryption use case 
Encryption - Campaign sends the data out, and encrypts the data with a Public key that is installed by administrator user
Decryption - Campaign receives data, it decryptes the data that is receives from an outside system with a private key that is generated by the Control Panel (encryption in this case happens in the outside system using a public key that is shared by the Control Panel




## Monitoring your GPG keys




- main screen: lists all keys
- remove old key you do not use: show how to remove. removing old keys may casue workflows using the keys to fail:  double check before removing the keys

main screen:
		lists encyption and decryption keys by instance with their expiraty dates + … button to download a key or remove it
		notification when a key is about to expire + what needs to be done to renew the key. notification 30 days before it expires + 10 days before.

## Encrypting data

importing public key so that they can encrypt data with the key before sending it
- generate a GPG key using pgp utility
 - install the public key in control panel

install: (to encrypt data)
to install a public key on an instance:
     - click install key button
            - type name : name will help identify the key, when using is in campaign workflow
            - paste the public key: can drag it, paste it
            - click intstall key
            - confirmation key has been installed
when issue installing a key, warning displays. … button / reinstall key to retry
once installed, key becomes available for use in extract file workflow activity. It is identified by the label of the key enteed in control panel

- use key in extract file activity

## Decrypting data

- generate a GPG key through the control panel

generate: (to decrypt data)
            - click generate key button
            - type name
            - expiraty date (or never expire)
            - generate key
            - once key generated, green pop-up : Download Key OR click … button / download

- use the key in load file activity
